Not necessarily in jail
I told you
No matter how thin you are, you may die suddenly, right?
Don't you think that's unreasonable?
OK
Ah!
You're free to go.
Find a place to live well
You are Yumian Rakshasa
We're not going with you, you heretic
ignorance
What about you? Of course I'm leaving.
This boss is the smallest
But I also love the smell of freedom
Hurry up, there's no time
Okay, hey.
Slow down.
Ten miles east is Rakshasa City
It's the place where they're best informed.
It should be able to help you find your brother
Thank you girl
What about you? It's not good to be too close to me.
mountains and rivers
Let's just say goodbye.
The water in this Rakshasa country is quite deep
The first beauty of Raksha Kingdom, the baby bird princess
Something happened at home again
Are you talking about that Jianming concubine?
Right?
Back then, with a Jiuxian piano
Won the heart of the young bird
You have been in Rakshasa for so long
Why are you so stubborn, little hoof?
Hey
The baby bird princess you just mentioned can't be asked.
Let's be more specific
I heard that the princess caught the concubine
Secretly flirting with other women
Locked up the concubine for several days
Consort cheating is so exciting
It was a backdoor
The consort is a pariah again
If it weren't for the fact that young birds like piano, chess, calligraphy and painting
It doesn't matter if you kill him
Oh, I don't know what the name of the concubine will be
Dude, you don't know
You are afraid that you have lived in the mountains for a long time, right?
The consort's name is Ma Ji